Steps: Download Sysinternals tools
-Check Sysinternals tools


step1: download https://download.sysinternals.com/files/SysinternalsSuite.zip
>Monitor Live Processes

2) Monitor Live Processes (Tool: ProcMon)
Process Monitor is an advanced monitoring tool for Windows that shows real-time file system, Registry and process/thread activity. It combines the features of two legacy Sysinternals utilities, Filemon and Regmon, and adds an extensive list of enhancements including rich and non-destructive filtering, 

step 3:Select any
Click on filter->Process monitor filter

EVENT CLASS  CONTAINS  FILESYSTEM
add this

step4:select chrome.exe
Click on filter->Process tree
Click on filter->File Summary

3) Capture RAM (Tool: RAMMAP)

Have you ever wondered exactly how Windows is assigning physical memory, how much file data is cached in RAM, or how much RAM is used by the kernel and device drivers? RAMMap makes answering those questions easy. RAMMap is an advanced physical memory usage analysis utility for Windows Vista and higher. It presents usage information in different ways on its several different tabs:

4) Capture TCP/UDP Packets (Tool: TCPView)
TCPView is a Windows program that will show you detailed listings of all TCP and UDP endpoints on your system, including the local and remote addresses and state of TCP connections. On Windows Server 2008, Vista, and XP, TCPView also reports the name of the process that owns the endpoint. TCPView provides a more informative and conveniently presented subset of the Netstat program that ships 

>RIGHT CLICK ANY SVSCHOST.EXE>WHOIS

5) Monitor HardDisk (Tool: DiskMon)
DiskMon is an application that logs and displays all hard disk activity on a Windows system. You can also minimize DiskMon to your system tray where it acts as a disk light, presenting a green icon when there is disk-read activity and a red icon when there is disk-write activity.


6) Monitor Virtual Memory (Tool: VMMap)
VMMap is a process virtual and physical memory analysis utility. It shows a breakdown of a process's committed virtual memory types as well as the amount of physical memory (working set) assigned by the operating system to those types. 

>Select chrome.exe > slect ok

7) Monitor Cache Memory (Tool: CacheSet)
CacheSet is an applet that allows you to manipulate the working-set parameters of the system file cache. Unlike CacheMan, CacheSet runs on all versions of NT and will work without modifications on new Service Pack releases. In addition to providing you the ability to control the minimum and maximum working set sizes

